'\" te
.\" Copyright (c) 2013 by Turbo Fredriksson <turbo@bayour.com>. All rights reserved.
.\" The contents of this file are subject to the terms of the Common Development
.\" and Distribution License (the "License").  You may not use this file except
.\" in compliance with the License. You can obtain a copy of the license at
.\" usr/src/OPENSOLARIS.LICENSE or http://www.opensolaris.org/os/licensing.
.\"
.\" See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
.\" limitations under the License. When distributing Covered Code, include this
.\" CDDL HEADER in each file and include the License file at
.\" usr/src/OPENSOLARIS.LICENSE.  If applicable, add the following below this
.\" CDDL HEADER, with the fields enclosed by brackets "[]" replaced with your
.\" own identifying information:
.\" Portions Copyright [yyyy] [name of copyright owner]
.TH SPL-MODULE-PARAMETERS 5 "Nov 18, 2013"
.SH NAME
spl\-module\-parameters \- SPL module parameters
.SH DESCRIPTION
.sp
.LP
Description of the different parameters to the SPL module.

.SS "Module parameters"
.sp
.LP

.sp
.ne 2
.na
\fBspl_debug_subsys\fR (ulong)
.ad
.RS 12n
Subsystem debugging level mask.
.sp
Default value: \fB~0\fR.
.RE

.sp
.ne 2
.na
\fBspl_debug_mask\fR (ulong)
.ad
.RS 12n
Debugging level mask.
.sp
Default value: \fB8 | 10 | 4 | 20\fR (SD_ERROR | SD_EMERG | SD_WARNING | SD_CONSOLE).
.RE

.sp
.ne 2
.na
\fBspl_debug_printk\fR (ulong)
.ad
.RS 12n
Console printk level mask.
.sp
Default value: \fB8 | 10 | 4 | 20\fR (SD_ERROR | SD_EMERG | SD_WARNING | SD_CONSOLE).
.RE

.sp
.ne 2
.na
\fBspl_debug_mb\fR (int)
.ad
.RS 12n
Total debug buffer size.
.sp
Default value: \fB-1\fR.
.RE

.sp
.ne 2
.na
\fBspl_debug_panic_on_bug\fR (int)
.ad
.RS 12n
Panic on BUG
.sp
Use \fB1\fR for yes and \fB0\fR for no (default).
.RE

.sp
.ne 2
.na
\fBspl_kmem_cache_expire\fR (uint)
.ad
.RS 12n
By age (0x1) or low memory (0x2)
.sp
Default value: \fB0\fR.
.RE

.sp
.ne 2
.na
\fBspl_hostid\fR (ulong)
.ad
.RS 12n
The system hostid.
.sp
Default value: \fB0xFFFFFFFF\fR (an invalid hostid!)
.RE

.sp
.ne 2
.na
\fBspl_hostid_path\fR (charp)
.ad
.RS 12n
The system hostid file
.sp
Default value: \fB/etc/hostid\fR.
.RE

.sp
.ne 2
.na
\fBmutex_spin_max\fR (int)
.ad
.RS 12n
Spin a maximum of N times to acquire lock
.sp
.ne 2
.na
\fBPossible values:\fR
.sp
.RS 12n
 \fB0\fR		Never spin when trying to acquire lock
.sp
\fB-1\fR		Spin until acquired or holder yields without dropping lock
.sp
\fB1-MAX_INT\fR	Spin for N attempts before sleeping for lock
.RE
.sp
.ne -4
Default value: \fB0\fR.
